https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp6993wxpyDPHUpavwDFqgg, Tokino Sora
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDqI2jOz0weumE8s7paEk6g, Roboco
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hM6YJuNYVAmUWxeIr9FeA, Sakura Miko

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0TXe_LYZ4scaW2XMyi5_kw, AZKi

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5CwaMl1eIgY8h02uZw7u8A, Hoshimachi Suisei

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1CfXB_kRs3C-zaeTG3oGyg, Akai Haato
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD8HOxPs4Xvsm8H0ZxXGiBw, Yozora Mel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ0UDLQCjY0rmuxCDE38FGg, Natsuiro Matsuri
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFTLzh12_nrtzqBPsTCqenA, Aki Rosenthal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdn5BQ06XqgXoAxIhbqw5Rg, Shirakami Fubuki

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvzGlP9oQwU--Y0r9id_jnA, Oozora Subaru
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1suqwovbL1kzsoaZgFZLKg, Yuzuki Choco,
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXTpFs_3PqI41qX2d9tL2Rw, Murasaki Shion
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7fk0CB07ly8oSl0aqKkqFg, Nakiri Ayame
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1opHUrw8rvnsadT-iGp7Cg, Minato Aqua

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp-5t9SrOQwXMU7iIjQfARg, Ookami Mio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvaTdHTWBGv3MKj3KVqJVCw, Nekomata Okayu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChAnqc_AY5_I3Px5dig3X1Q, Inugami Korone

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1DCedRgGHBdm81E1llLhOQ, Usada Pekora
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl_gCybOJRIgOXw6Qb4qJzQ, Uruha Rushia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvInZx9h3jC2JzsIzoOebWg, Shiranui Flare
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdyqAaZDKHXg4Ahi7VENThQ, Shirogane Noel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCzUftO8KOVkV4wQG1vkUvg, Houshou Marine

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqm3BQLlJfvkTsX_hvm0UmA, Tsunomaki Watame
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1uv2Oq6kNxgATlCiez59hw, Tokoyami Towa
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS9uQI-jC3DE0L4IpXyvr6w, Kiryu Coco
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZlDXzGoo7d44bwdNObFacg, Amane Kanata
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa9Y57gfeY0Zro_noHRVrnw, Himemori Luna

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFKOVgVbGmX65RxO3EtH3iw, Yukihana Lamy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAWSyEs_Io8MtpY3m-zqILA, Momosuzu Nene
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUKD-uaobj9jiqB-VXt71mA, Shishiro Botan
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK9V2B22uJYu3N7eR_BT9QA, Omaru Polka

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgNVXGlZIFK96XdEY20sVjg, Civia

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOyYb1c43VlX9rc_lT6NKQw, Ayunda Risu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP0BspO_AMEe3aQqqpo89Dg, Moona Hoshinova
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAoy6rzhSf4ydcYjJw3WoVg, Airani Iofifteen

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMwGHR0BTZuLsmjY_NT5Pwg, Ninomae Ina'nis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHsx4Hqa-1ORjQTh9TYDhww, Takanashi Kiara
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyl1z3jo3XHR1riLFKG5UAg, Watson Amelia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL_qhgtOy0dy1Agp8vkySQg, Mori Calliope
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoSrY_IQQVpmIRZ9Xf-y93g, Gawr Gura

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6t3-_N8A6ME1JShZHHqOMw, Hanasaki Miyabi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEzsociuFqVwgZuMaZqaCsg, Kagami Kira
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZgOv3YDEs-ZnZWDYVwJdmA, Kanade Izuru
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKeAhJvy8zgXWbh9duVjIaQ, Arurandeisu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9mf_ZVpouoILRY9NUIaK-w, Rikka

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNVEsYbiZjH5QLmGeSgTSzg, Astel Leda
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGNI4MENvnsymYjKiZwv9eg, Kishido Temma
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCANDOlYTJT7N5jlRC3zfzVA, Yukoku Roberu

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChSvpZYRPh0FvG4SJGSga3g, Kageyama Shien
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwL7dgTxKo8Y4RFIKWaf8gA, Aragami Oga